# PaylinkCardHolder


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accept_headers** | **str** | The accept headers string generated by the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment process to the customer&#39;s browser. If the customer were to attempt to use a different browser an error will be generated. | [optional] 
**address** | [**PaylinkAddress**](PaylinkAddress.md) |  | [optional] 
**company** | **str** | The company name for the card holder. | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | The cardholder&#39;s email address. This field can be used to send a receipt to the payment cardholder. If this value is not supplied, no email will be sent. | [optional] 
**firstname** | **str** | The first name of the card holder. | [optional] 
**lastname** | **str** | The last name or surname of the card holder. | [optional] 
**mobile_no** | **str** | The mobile number of the cardholder. This can be used for data collection via the Paylink Payment Form or to send an SMS on completion of a transaction. This feature is a licensable option and is not configured by default. | [optional] 
**remote_addr** | **str** | Specifies the remote IP address of the customer&#39;s browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the customer&#39;s IP address. Should the address change or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error will be generated. | [optional] 
**title** | **str** | A title for the card holder such as Mr, Mrs, Ms, M. Mme. etc. | [optional] 
**user_agent** | **str** | Specifies the user agent string of the Customer Browser. This field may be used to lock the payment form to the browser. Should a different user agent attempt to process the transaction or a malicious third party attempted to hijack the transaction, an error is generated. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from citypay.models.paylink_card_holder import PaylinkCardHolder

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaylinkCardHolder from a JSON string
paylink_card_holder_instance = PaylinkCardHolder.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print PaylinkCardHolder.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
paylink_card_holder_dict = paylink_card_holder_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaylinkCardHolder from a dict
paylink_card_holder_form_dict = paylink_card_holder.from_dict(paylink_card_holder_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


